# Arty Z7 Root Repository

## Arty Z7-20 Out-of-Box Demo

### Description

This branch contains sources for the Arty Z7-20 Out-of-Box Demo.

This repository contains the Out-of-Box Demo for the Arty Z7-20. It similar to the demo that comes preprogrammed on the board when shipped to customers. The demo uses a wide range of the board's peripherals, including the HDMI video inputs and outputs, audio output, LEDs, buttons, and USB-UART bridge.

The demo forwards signals from the HDMI input port to the HDMI output port. To use this feature of the demo, an HDMI capable computer and an HDMI capable monitor are required, as well as two HDMI cables.

When any button is pressed, an audio sample is generated by the Zynq processor and is streamed out over the audio output jack for approximately 4.5 seconds. The sample generated is a 261 Hz sine wave, also known as the musical note C4.

As long as the demo is running, the two RGB LEDs alternate cycling through the colors red, green, blue, and white.
The user LEDs are continuously set to the state of user buttons. When only one of the user switches is switched on, the LEDs are inverted.

Status messages are printed out over UART to a connected Serial Terminal (such as Tera Term or PuTTY).

For more information on the Arty Z7-20 Out-of-Box Demo, including setup instructions, visit its [Demo Page](https://reference.digilentinc.com/reference/programmable-logic/arty-z7/demos/oob) on the Digilent Wiki.

For more information on the Arty Z7, including other demos that may be available, see its [Resource Center](https://reference.digilentinc.com/reference/programmable-logic/arty-z7/start) on the Digilent Wiki.

### Git Navigation Information

For instructions on how to use this repository with git, and for additional documentation on the submodule and branch structures used, please visit [Digilent FPGA Demo Git Repositories](https://reference.digilentinc.com/reference/programmable-logic/documents/git) on the Digilent Wiki. Note that use of git is not required to use this demo. Digilent recommends the use of project releases, for which instructions can be found in each demo wiki page, linked above.

To see other demos in this repository, see the master branch's [README](https://github.com/Digilent/Arty-Z7).

Some demos do not require some submodules, in these cases, they are still provided to ease switching between demos in git. When unused, the submodule folder is largely empty, except for a readme containing only the heading "Root commit". This demo contains the following submodules:

| Submodule | Used by this demo |
|-----------|-------------------|
| HW        | Yes               |
| OS        | No                |
| SW        | Yes               |

This demo was moved into this repository during 2020.1 updates. Its history prior to these updates can be found in its old repository, linked below:
* https://github.com/Digilent/Arty-Z7-20-OOB

### Requirements

The following are required for use of this demo. For more information on how to get any hardware or software you may be missing, see the Demo Page, linked above.

* Arty Z7-20
* Vivado and Vitis 2020.1 Installations
* Serial Terminal
* MicroUSB Cable for Programming and Communication
* Headphones or Speaker with 3.5mm Audio Jack
* HDMI Cables
* HDMI-capable Source and Sink